# Excel_projects : Dymanic Walmart sales Dashboard

# Objective 

Our objective is to present our analysis and insights that we have gathered 
in our previous steps in a structured format. Creating a dynamic dashboard 
is the best way to do that. Walmart wants you to present your analysis so that
they can share the key messages with the leadership.


a) Important KPI's that can be sliced and diced as per the key filters

b) Charts showing Segment, Categoty and Markets Analysis

c) Top 5 and bottom 5 charts for Sales, Profits, Order Quantity

d) World map showing the top 10 countries by Sales

e) Top Sub-Category and their contribution to the overall Sales

f) Charts showing the Market Share of Regions

=================================================================================================================

About the Fields													

Row ID        ==>	A unique identifier assigned to each row of data.

Order ID	    ==> The unique identifier assigned to each sales order.

Order date    ==>	The date on which the sales order was placed.

Ship date	    ==> The date on which the order was shipped.

Ship Mode	    ==> The mode of shipment used for the order.

Customer ID	  ==> The unique identifier assigned to each customer.

Customer Name	==> The name of the customer who placed the order.

Segment	      ==> The market segment to which the customer belongs.

City	        ==> The city where the order was shipped.

State	        ==> The state where the order was shipped.

Country	      ==> The country where the order was shipped.

Postal Code	  ==> The postal code of the shipping address.

Market	      ==> The market in which the order was placed.

Region	      ==> The region in which the order was placed.

Product ID	  ==> The unique identifier assigned to each product.

Category	    ==> The category to which the product belongs.

Sub-Category	==> The sub-category to which the product belongs.

Product Name	==> The name of the product.

Sales	        ==> The total sales revenue generated by the order.

Quantity	    ==> The quantity of the product ordered.

Discount	    ==> The discount applied to the order.

Profit	      ==>The profit margin generated by the order.

Shipping Cost	==> The cost of shipping the order.

Order Priority==>	The priority assigned to the order.
